All right so in this video we are going to be downloading and coeditor that we will be using for this
course.
Now this code will be compatible with Windows operating system Mac and for Linux.
So that's one of the reasons I'm going to download this one and the best part it is free.
All right.
So let's go to chrome the type in brackets here brackets with s.
I'm going to get this Web site here bracket's I will.
And then I'm going to download it.
Depending on your speed you should take a couple of seconds or minutes.
Right for me it's just downloading.
I probably have a 5 megabyte down right now because I'm in the second floor and my wireless is downstairs.
So once it finishes downloading then just sort of like install any program on your operating system
usually use.
Click on the program and we start opening right away for those for some of you.
You're going to have to double click it.
All right.
So for me I mean a Mac I just have to drag it into the applications for you use double click it or do
whatever you need to do in your operating system.
Very self explanatory.
And once that is done then you go to where that program installed and just double clicking open it.
Right.
So one of the reasons I chose this is because as you can tell it looks really nice.
It works for Mac for Windows and for Linux just like I said and we have some more functionality there
that we're going to be using like we're going to be able to write code a little faster than just you
know with any other co-editors we're going to be able to see tets highlighted like this different tags
different colors is really cool.
There are many different features that we have in this coeditor that are really good for developers
and programmers right.
So anyways if you were able to download this great without any problems let me know and maybe I can
help you out.
But again if you have your coeditor and you are ready you know you were happy with it.
Go ahead and use that one really does it matter.
But for this course I'm going to be using this one so if you want to follow everything exactly like
me download this one right I see you in the next lecture.
Thank you so much.
Take care